Set PWM_Input as default for v5x and v6x in flight termination (#25209)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/advanced_config/flight_termination.md

Finally, set the `PWM_AUX_FAILn` and `PWM_MAIN_FAILn` PWM values for any motors.

::: info

> Flight termination via ATS only works if `drivers/pwm_input` is included in the default build for your board. If not, you need to add it manually via [boardconfig](../hardware/porting_guide_config.md#px4-menuconfig-setup)

Reviewer: Well, it has to be included in firmware but it could be in some other config that the default board.

```suggestion
Flight termination via ATS only works if `drivers/pwm_input` is included in the firmware for your board.
If not, you need to add it manually to your board configuration using [boardconfig](../hardware/porting_guide_config.md#px4-menuconfig-setup).
```
